docs: Update contributing readme for signed commits (#15777)
grafana/mimir: docs/internal/contributing/README.md

- If you have made any changes to flags or config, run `make reference-help doc` and commit the changed files to update the config file documentation.
- Follow the [pull request template](.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md) when creating PRs.

### Use signed commits 

> Effective June 22, 2026, all Grafana Labs repositories, including Mimir, [require signed commits](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/configuring-branches-and-merges-in-your-repository/managing-protected-branches/about-protected-branches#require-signed-commits).

Reviewer: Can we explicitly state that the commits must be "signed **and verified**".

A user can sign their commits with their GPG or SSH key. But until the user uploads their key to their GitHub profile, GitHub will flag the commits as "Unverified" (which isn't the same as "not signed"). That is,

> the user claims the commit was made by the holder of a key; but no one knows who this key belongs to, thus the signature can't be publically verified.

The new policy that blocks a contribution requires BOTH signing and verification.

---

Here is an example of a recent conversation with a contributor

<img width="1035" height="364" alt="Screenshot 2026-06-26 at 13 06 26" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/18a3180d-8634-49f6-98e9-04f2408bcbcd" />

Author: I'm going to use your suggested wording and push an updated paragraph that explicitly states signed and verified.

To learn how to enable commit verification, refer to [about commit signature verification](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/managing-commit-signature-verification/about-commit-signature-verification) and this page to learn about [checking your commit signature verification status](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/troubleshooting-commit-signature-verification/checking-your-commit-and-tag-signature-verification-status).

> **NOTE** Unsigned commits and pull requests will be rejected and closed. This includes pull requests that have been authored by Agents.

Reviewer: I don't understand the phrasing in this note.

Commits signing is a confusing topic, when talking about contributions from unknown users. Putting a signature to a commit only stamps the fact that the **commiter** is the one who they claim and GitHub verified that.
**Commiter** and **author** of a change can be different parties. The **author** doesn't sign a commit. Also, the entity who opens a PR can be a separate one from these two. The **PR author** doesn't sign anything either.

In this note:

1. Who are the Agents?
2. One only signs a commit; there is no a concept of "unsigned pull requests" on GitHub
3. We can re-sign external contributions ourselves instead of rejecting them. E.g. this is required when I have to rebase a PR with someone else's commits (_also GitHub re-signs the commits on merge, discarding the original signature_).

Overall, I suggest we remove this note.

Reviewer 2: I assume "unsigned ... pull requests" means "pull requests containing unsigned commits". And "Agents" means AI Agents, so in more words, if contributors want to have their AI agents author pull requests, those agents need to be able to sign the commits in those pull requests.

So I might rewrite this line as:
`**NOTE** Pull Requests containing unsigned commits will be rejected and closed. This includes pull requests that have been authored in whole or part by AI coding tools.`

Author: Thank you for the thoughtful consideration and explanation of the wording issues. I like the clarification (and will apply this change to other PRs with the same note). @JStickler  FYI. 
```suggestion
**NOTE** Pull Requests containing unsigned commits will be rejected and closed. This includes pull requests that have been authored in whole or part by AI coding tools.
```

Reviewer: > containing unsigned commits will be rejected and closed

Again, I'd argue that we don't have such a rule. Today we resign the commits ourselves (_we become the **committer**_) when we agree with the proposed change, and we want to keep the original change's **authorship** in the history.

In the most simple and a contributor's welcoming case, if a PR has unsigned commits, we will ask the author to sign the commit and rebase the changes (just like we ask to sign CLA, or address any other feedback). There is no technical reason to reject the PR.
